Guide to Contributing
=====================

Thanks for contributing to scala-js-dom!
We primarily accept PRs for:
* Adding facades for APIs documented in the spec
* Enhancing/fixing existing facades to match the spec
* Adding non-facade Scala utilities to complement specific facades
* Any other bug fixes etc.

If you would like to make PR that doesn't fall under those categories,
please raise an issue first for discussion so we can give you the go-ahead!

We look forward to your PRs!

Contents:

* Packages
* Files
* Facades
* Non-Facades
* Binary Compatibility
* Submitting a PR

Getting started
=======
Scala js dom currently targets java 17 for maximum compatibility. 

```sh
cs launch sbt --jvm 17
```
May would select a jvm that is known to work with the project


Packages
========

In v1.x, there used to be sub-packages grouping some parts of the DOM API by major feature.
In v2.x, we've decided to put everything in `org.scalajs.dom` and get rid of sub-packages.

The reason for this change is that the real DOM API isn't namespaced in anyway, and the decision
whether to group in a package or not, was subjective and inconsistent.


Files
=====

* Use `package.scala` for a package object and nothing else.
  Also don't include traits/classes/objects.

* Match the filename to the trait/class/object in it; don't add multiple top-level types.
  This is effectively Java-style.


Facades
=======

We accept facades for any non-deprecated API documented in the spec, including experimental APIs or APIs not supported on all browsers.
* MDN: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API
* WHATWG: https://spec.whatwg.org/

Please:
* Use `def` for read-only properties unless there is a compelling reason it should be a `val`
  (i.e., the spec definitively states it is constant)
* Use `Double` for integer-values that can fall outside the range of `Int`
* Prefer adding overloads instead of using union `|` types for method and constructor parameters. For example:
```diff
-  def createElement(tagName: String, options: String | ElementCreationOptions = js.native): Element = js.native
+  def createElement(tagName: String): Element = js.native
+  def createElement(tagName: String, options: String): Element = js.native
+  def createElement(tagName: String, options: ElementCreationOptions): Element = js.native
```
* Add scaladocs via copy-paste from MDN


Non-Facades
===========

* Implicit conversions should go in companion objects so that they are always in scope without the
  need for imports. There's no need to group by feature, the types already specify the feature.

* Add Scala-only utilities that pertain to a specific facade, in the facades companion object
  Eg: helper constructors, legal facade values.

* We currently don't see the need for Scala-only utilities that don't pertain to a specific facade,
  or shouldn't be universally available (subjective judgement here).
  If you believe you've got a compelling use case please raise an issue first to discuss.

Binary Compatibility
====================

Binary compatibility for Scala.js facades is different than standard Scala.
The following are changes that are indeed incompatible in both formats:

Don't:
  * Remove a trait / class / object
  * Change a class into a trait or vice versa

Here is a non-exhaustive list of changes that would be binary-incompatible for Scala classes, but
are compatible for JS facade types:

You can:
  * Remove a member
  * Change the type or signature of a member
  * Add a field in a trait
  * Add an abstract member in a trait

To help us enforce binary compatibility, we use API reports.
They are auto-generated by running `prePR` in sbt and provide a concise summary of the entire API.
Note: We might automate binary compatibility checking in the future (see #503) but for now,
it's just a helpful tool for reviewing PRs.

Here is an example of a binary _compatible_ change in #491 as it appears in the API report diff.
Note that `[JC]` stands for **J**avascript **C**lass, indicating that `HTMLAudioElement` is a facade type and thus this is a compatible change.
```diff
-raw/HTMLAudioElement[JC] def play(): Unit
+raw/HTMLAudioElement[JC] def play(): js.UndefOr[js.Promise[Unit]]
```

Here is an example of a binary _incompatible_ change in #458 as it appears in the API report diff.
Even though the `Fetch` object is a facade (a **J**avascript **O**bject), moving it out of the `experimental` package is not binary compatible.
(In this particular case, the change was accepted along with many binary-breaking changes going into 2.0.0.)
```diff
-experimental/Fetch[JO] def fetch(info: RequestInfo, init: RequestInit = null): js.Promise[Response]
+Fetch[JO] def fetch(info: RequestInfo, init: RequestInit = null): js.Promise[Response]
```

Anything annotated `[SC]`, `[ST]`, or `[SO]` in an API report is an ordinary Scala class/trait/object,
for which standard binary compatibility rules apply.

If the above doesn't make sense to you, don't worry!
The majority of useful changes to scala-js-dom are indeed binary compatible.


Submitting a PR
===============

Once you're done making your changes...

1. Run `sbt prePR`

2. Run `git diff api-reports` and ensure that you aren't breaking backwards-binary-compatibility
   (see above).

3. Check in and commit the changes to `api-reports`

4. Submit your PR

5. Know that your contribution is appreciated, thank you!
